Allow .darker and .brighter on Brush (#1169)
slint-ui/slint: CHANGELOG.md

 - Added `VecModel::set_vec` to replace the entire contents with new data.
 - Added a `cache-rendering-hint` boolean property that can be applied to any element, to hint to the renderer that it should cache the element and its children
   into a cached layer. This may speed up rendering of complex sub-trees if they rarely change.

>  - The `brighter` and `lighter` function also work on brush

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - The `brighter` and `lighter` functions also work on values of type brush.
```
